I think about marketing up I think we're
really entering at a very interesting
time it's been 20 25 years now of
digital marketing but the era that we're
entering to really combines video so
sight sound and motion with analytics
data with a global audience with a
generation that's been raised on iPhones
so I think we're really coming to a
period where marketing sales and post
purchase really come together in a new
and interesting way so what we're seeing
in the agency environment is that
clients are realizing that there's a lot
of differentiation between the work the
work is not just creative work but also
media work data and strategy work all
coming together to work on their behalf
we're seeing budgets go up because the
types of people needed to deliver these
into the interdisciplinary ideas are
very rare and so they're getting paid
more the clients are realizing it's
differentiating them and so they're
willing to pay more so we're really
moving in a new era of marketing right
now Omnicom has brought together to
bring together a series of marketing
companies whether they're PR healthcare
specialists above-the-line traditional
style agencies digital agencies strategy
groups data groups and media buying many
many others
to be a holistic view of what a consumer
or actually really a brands marketing
needs are I'll become it's a really
large company we have over 200 different
brands and so we are constantly working
on communicating our capabilities not
only internally but also externally to
our brands and Omnicom we spend tens of
millions of dollars on education
programs on bringing people together to
share ideas to come to places like Conda
to show the work to get awarded for the
work and to make those connections
between people because ultimately it
really as much as its tools and
technology it's really people that come
up with great innovative innovative
ideas that breakthrough and make a
difference so customer centrosome is
something that has been at the core of
what we at Omnicom have been doing for
about 25 years if you think about it if
marketing is about the right message to
the right person at the right time on
the right device we've become very very
good on the media and analytics side of
the equation so the right person the
right device at the right time what we
really need to work on is the right
message and then making that message
finely-tuned per se customized for the
consumer so that we bring all those
things together to create a holistic
experience that's personalized and
customized for the consumer