town of course stations about data
actually as a data practitioner made a
confession recently in public that I'm
tired of the conversations because
there's so much hype around it I think
what the brands are looking for is very
simple how do we use this rich
behavioral data it's it's has so much
potential how do we use it for strategic
applications to transform brand
experiences and then how do we also use
it for very tactical application who's
the right audience what is the right
time to reach them so it's really
finding this balance of using data to
drive big strategic ideas content
messaging as well as the delivery of
that at the right time to the right
audiences yeah I mean I think the
industry is divided on kind of the the
you can say three tracks for three
groups one is and it still exists
believe it or not I'm not gonna name the
agencies they know who they are and
they're respectful some big big creative
thinkers you can order data and they'll
say all these data is bad it has a bad
influence on the creativity they're very
public and very loud about that topic in
a moment and the other end there is a
school of thought of you know the world
is going to be run by data and the data
and artificial intelligence is going to
give us all the answers and you don't
need the creatives and there is that the
third of which is in the middle which is
saying well it's really out of tune to
work together which nobody that's one
that is the one that's your easiest to
agree with the challenge is that nobody
has figured out what does that mean so
most people get up there and saying oh
no no it's not about data it's not about
creativity it's how they work together
that in theory sounds good but in
practice nobody has figured that out
there are a lot of brands who are
incredible in optimization but their
businesses are still struggling because
their optimization isn't moving the
business forward it's there tactically
optimizing themselves out of the
business so how did it's agree with that
that's happening the optimization of
creative is we're doing it ourselves for
our clients but it's not enough it's
it's also using the data to develop the
right corn
than the right experiences and then
three kids at a one-to-one level
you